# Basic Exercises

## XOR Cipher

### Description

Write a simple python program that reads a file and, receives a key. Then encodes the file with the given key using the XOR-Cipher.  
To test the functionality of the program, you need to pass the encrypted file to the program again and use the same key to decrypt it. If the file is successfully decrypted, the program is working ok, otherwise, it is not.

### Details

You need to pass either the relative or the absoloute path of the file to your proram. In addition, you also need to enter a key. This key can be a decimal number or a string. For example both `1234` and `'abcd1234'` are acceptable as key.
Note that you must __replace__ the contents of the given file in order to encrypt it. Making a new file is __not acceptable__.  
> You can use `ex1-1.jpg` file to check your program.  

Sample inputs:

```python
>>>
File Path: ./myfile.jpg
Successfully read the file.
Key: myKey
Key is accepted
File ciphered successfully
```

### Hints

There are a few hidden points to this question which you may need to take into consideration.  
First is the matter of reading the file. You can either read it in binary format or ASCII. Examine both to see which one suits you better.  
The second is the problem of key length. For example, you may enter a key with a length of 5 or a length of 10. This causes an issue with the cipher algorithm especially when you need to rewrite the file. You need to find a solution to this problem as well.  

## Missionaries and Cannibals

### Description

Game description (from wikipedia):
> Three missionaries and three cannibals must cross a river using a boat which can carry at most two people, under the constraint that, for both banks, if there are missionaries present on the bank, they cannot be outnumbered by cannibals (if they were, the cannibals would eat the missionaries). The boat cannot cross the river by itself with no people on board.

Write a simple, playable game and experience to find the soloution.  

### Details

At every turn, the player needs to chose the passengers of the boat. Use _c_ for cannibals and _m_ for missionaries. For example if the player enters _cc_ this mean that two cannibals must cross the river.  

You need to show the status of the game after each turn. This status includes the missionaries and cannibals standing at either side of the river and the current position of the boat which can be either at the right side or the left side of the river.  
  
You also need to check for the validaty of every move. For example if the boat is at the right side and there are two cannbials, the action `Action: mm` is not acceptable because this requires two missionaries too be present.
  
If at any point in the game the number of cannibals at either end of the river exceed the number of missionaries, the player loses and the game is over. The player only wins when all 6 people successfully coss the river.
  
Perferably, format your output so it looks more like a game.
```python
    |~.~.~.~|
    |~.~.~.~|
cc  |~.~.~.~|  c
m   |.~.~\_/|  mm
    |~.~.~.~|
    |~.~.~.~|

Action:  
```


